[OSDOCS-12383]Add PSC option to CCS infrastructure models in OSD GCP docs (#84143)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osd-create-cluster-rhm-gcp-account.adoc

. Click *Next*.

> . In the *Cluster privacy* dialog, select *Public* or *Private* to use either public or private API endpoints and application routes for your cluster. If you select *Private*, the optional *Use Private Service Connect* feature is automatically enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Cluster privacy* dialog, select *Public* or *Private* to use either public or private API endpoints and application routes for your cluster. If you select *Private*,  *Use Private Service Connect* is selected by default. Private Service Connect (PSC) is Google Cloud’s security-enhanced networking feature.
```

> If you do not want to use Private Service Connect (PSC), disable by clicking the *Use Private Service Connect* checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable PSC by clicking the *Use Private Service Connect* checkbox.
```

+
[NOTE]
====

> Red Hat recommends Private Service Connect (PSC) for network connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat recommends using PSC for more secure network connectivity.
```
Brain not fully braining here again but don't feel it's strong enough in it's current iteration. An alternative suggestion would be: PSC is Red Hat's recommended form of network connectivity.

Author: Brain not Braining! :)

====
//Once PSC docs are live add link from note above.
+
. Optional: To install the cluster in an existing GCP Virtual Private Cloud (VPC):
.. Select *Install into an existing VPC*.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
If you selected *Use Private Service Connect* as part of your network configuration, you must select *Install into an existing VPC*.
====
+
.. If you are installing into an existing VPC and you want to enable an HTTP or HTTPS proxy for your cluster, select *Configure a cluster-wide proxy*.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> In order to configure a cluster-wide proxy for your cluster, you must first create the Cloud network address translation (NAT) and a Cloud router. See the "Additional resources" section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to configure a cluster-wide proxy for your cluster, you must first create the Cloud network address translation (NAT) and a Cloud router. See the _Additional resources_ section for more information.
```

====
+
. Click *Next*.
+
. Optional: To install the cluster into a GCP shared VPC:
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> To install a cluster into a GCP shared VPC, you must use {product-title} version 4.13.15 or above. Additionally, the VPC owner of the host project must enable a project as a host project in their Google Cloud console. For more information, see link:https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/provisioning-shared-vpc#set-up-shared-vpc[Enable a host project].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a cluster into a GCP shared VPC, you must use {product-title} version 4.13.15 or later. Additionally, the VPC owner of the host project must enable a project as a host project in their Google Cloud console. For more information, see link:https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/provisioning-shared-vpc#set-up-shared-vpc[Enable a host project].
```
